{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Created in 2010, CGStudioMap.con is a map based website. The aim is to gather and share information on worldwide CG studios. Our knowledge of both fields, CG studios and web development focused on really friendly user interfaces make the project warmly acclaimed by job seekers but also by the whole community. \
\
Please, do not hesitate to contact us through the form, we are  always happy to hear about our users.\
\
\
The CGStudioMap.com team is composed of :\
Jordi Riera, founder and in charge of public relation, worked for different types of projects (feature movie, VFX movie, TV Series n so) in different fields for several studios all around the world. He also is currently working for MPC, London, as Software Developer. His knowledge of needs of job seekers and recruiters was the base for the project. \
\
Laurent Ripoche, head of project, is mainly in charge of the administration on the CGStudioMap.com project but also help on the development. His large understand about managing a company makes him as a key of the fast growing of our project.\
\
Thomas Pinaud is the main developer of CGStudioMap.com using his vast knowledge about web technologies to find smart answer to all the needs from the project.}