{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;}
\vieww10440\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 Helene Courtial
\fs28  
\fs18 	  	  \cf0 land : +33 556 780 654 / cellphone : +33 631 707 928
\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs18 \cf0 						  helenecourt@hotmail.fr\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 						  \cf0 11 rue de Beychevelle, 33127 Martignas sur Jalle, FRANCE
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 						  Born in 25/09/1985	\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 						  Nationality: French
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs20 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b\fs28 \ul \ulc0 Experience
\f2\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs20 \cf0 oct 10-jan 11 	Shop Attendant at a house decoration shop Ekipea
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 	 	Bordeaux, France.
\f2\b0\fs24 \
\

\f0\b\fs20 may 10-oct 10 	Chef de Rang, Atlantide restaurant
\f2\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs20 		Arcachon, France.
\f2\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs20 \cf0 feb 10-may 10 Shop Attendant at a house decoration shop Ekipea, 
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 		Bordeaux, France.
\f2\b0\fs24 \

\f1\b\fs20 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 oct 07-jun 09 	Chef de Rang, Gordon Ramsay restaurant at the Ritz-Carlton*****
\f2\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs20 		 Enniskerry, Ireland.
\f2\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\i\fs20 \cf0 	Silver service, closing financial bills, using micros system,taking\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	reservations, dealing, understanding and helping the customer.
\f2\i0\fs24 \

\f0\i\fs20 	Answering the hotel requests, following the hotel standards procedures.
\f2\i0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs20 \cf0 Jan 07-Jul 07 	Chef de Rang, Plaza hotel****
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 		Westport, Ireland.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\i\b0 	Service, dealing with customers, wine service.
\f2\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs20 \cf0 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b Aug 06-jan 07 	Conference and banqueting assistant, Knockrany House Hotel****\
		Westport, Ireland.
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\i 	Silver service, weddings and cocktail service, conference setup.
\f2\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\i\fs20 \cf0 	dealing with customers.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f2\i0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs20 \cf0 Aug 06-jan 07 	(second job) Food Runner, La fouler Restaurant (2AA rosette)\
		Westport, Ireland.
\f2\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs20 \cf0 2004-2006 	Shop Attendant, clothes shop, Halle aux v\'eatements,
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 		Merignac, France.
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\i 	I worked like cashier, i was merchandising department\'92s shop,
\f2\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\i\fs20 \cf0 	receiving the delivery, and advising customers.
\f2\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs20 \cf0 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b 2003-2001 	Trainee-shop assistant, clothes shop, Halle aux v\'eatements, 
\f2\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs20 \cf0 		Merignac, France.
\f2\b0\fs24 \
 
\f0\fs20 	I worked like cashier, received the delivery and advised customers.
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs20 \cf0 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b 2000 		Trainee in a sports shop, 
\f2\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs20 \cf0 		Decathlon, Merignac.
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\i 	I unpacked the delivery and advised customers.
\f2\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs20 \cf0 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b \ul \ulc0 Education
\f1 \ulnone \uc0\u8232 
\f0 2004		Baccalaureate professional of commerce, Bordeaux-France
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\i 	Equivalent BTEC National diploma in commerce advanced (NVQ level 3)
\f2\i0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs20 \cf0 2002		Brevet d\'92etudes professional\'92s, vente action marchande, Pessac France. 
\b0\fs18 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\i\fs20 \cf0 	Equivalent BTEC first diploma in commerce GNVQ Foundation(NVQ level 1)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\i\b\fs20 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Linguistic skill
\f1\i0 \ulnone \uc0\u8232 
\f0\i\b0 French: mother tongue
\f1\i0 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\i English: read and speak fluently
\f2\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs20 \cf0 	
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b \ul \ulc0 Other
\f1 \ulnone \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b0 licence 2004.
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Ireland best certificate, quality service.
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs20 \cf0 References available upon request.\
}